Refactor definitions of sourceBase/source attributes (#49)
modelica/ssp-standard: docs/4___common_content.adoc

If no specific MIME type can be indicated, then the type `application/octet-stream` is to be used.
|source a|
Optional attribute indicating the source of the meta data as a URI (cf. RFC 3986).
The base URI for the resolution of relative URIs is determined by the sourceBase attribute.

If the source attribute is missing, the meta data *MUST* be provided inline as contents of a Content element, which *MUST NOT* be present otherwise.
|sourceBase a|
Defines the base the source URI is resolved against:

If the attribute is missing or is specified as `file`, the source is resolved against the URI of the containing file.

If the containing model element has a source attribute, the sourceBase attribute can be specified as `resource`.
In this case the URI is resolved against the (resolved) source URI of the containing model element.

> The last option allows the specification of meta data sources that reside inside the component (for example an FMU) through relative URIs.

Author: ```suggestion
The last option allows the specification of meta data sources that reside inside a resource (for example an FMU) through relative URIs.
```
